so I put the Hampton Beach searing grill
here and as you can see it's got some
friends over for the text of so many
kids can ride to the spring weather and
the outdoor grill but that doesn't mean
that we con grow some delicious burgers
here so we're going to get this girl
going you're going to start it met our
pretty hot temperature and the best part
is it's going to tell them when it's
ready to get these burgers onto it so
we're going to wait a little bit not too
long though probably about five minutes
and we'll get this thing going but what
I can tell you in the meantime is that
everything is actually dishwasher safe
so this plate here just comes off and
goes in the dishwasher and there's a
tree here that collects all the oils and
what I love totally love is that I can
bring it over when we visit friends
because it's finished in your regular
shopping bag the only thing that I do
have a little bit of an issue with is
that the wire is a bit on the short end
so left out a little bit here and that
they did have an outlet on my counter
but next time I will be bringing an
extension cord to go along with it
alright so wait a few minutes and let
this girl go no it's now ready for us to
start grilling on so we're going to get
these burgers on or the kids burgers
there's a great train here that catches
all the oils that's the end of very much
no since my work here is about burger
buns awaiting what is the house oh cool
things are great once again this is a
grill and I don't mind that it's so
dirty because it's all going to go in
the dishwasher
yes
you